{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green42\blue42;\red252\green79\blue8;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl487\sa487

\f0\fs30 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Open terminal and run this command:\
\'a0
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 sudo gem install cocoapods
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
Enter\'a0admin\'a0password. This could take a while. After few minutes it will show green message is cocoa pods installed successfully in your mac machine.\
If you are getting any error with XCode6 like developer path is missing. First run this command in terminal:\'a0
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 sudo xcode-select -switch /Applications/Xcode6.app (or your XCodeName.app)
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
You successfully installed CocoaPods in your mac machine. Now you can setup Pod with your Xcode project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl487\sa487

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 How to setup POD for your Xcode project:
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
1. Open Terminal\
2. Change directory to your XCode project root directory (where your ProjectName.xcodeproj file is placed).\
3. 
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 $ pod setup
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  : (Setting up CocoaPods master repo)\
If successful, it shows : 
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Setup completed 
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 (read-only access). So, you setup everything. Now Lets do something which is more visible\'85Yes ! Lets install libraries in your Xcode project.\

\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Steps to add-remove-update libraries in pod
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 :\
1. Open Terminal\
2. Change directory to your XCode project root directory. If your terminal is already running then no need to do this, as you are already at same path.\
3. 
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 $ touch podfile
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
4. 
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 $ open -e podfile
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  (This should open a blank text file)\
5. Add your library names in that text file. You can add new names (lib name), remove any name or change the version e.g :\
pod \'91AFNetworking\'92, \'920.9.1\uc0\u8242 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 pod\'a0\'92Facebook-iOS-SDK\'92\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 pod\'a0\'92EGOTableViewPullRefresh\'92\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 pod\'a0\'92JSONKit\'92\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 pod \'91MBProgressHUD\'92\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \uc0\u8232 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 pod\'a0\'92Reachability\'92\
NOTE: Use ( control + \'94 ) button to add single quote at both end of library name. It should be shown as straight vertical line. Without control button it shall be added as curly single quote which will give error while installation of file.\
6. Save and close this text file. Now libraries are setup and you have to install/update it.\
7. Go to your terminal again and run this command: 
\f1\b \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 $ pod install
\f0\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  (to install/update these libraries in pod).\
You should see output similar to the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl487

\i \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Updating spec repo `master\'92\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Installing\'a0AFNetworking (0.9.1)..\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 Generating support files
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
}